Read private repo credentials from a the netrc file (#990)
Shopify/tapioca: README.md

$ bin/tapioca annotations --sources https://raw.githubusercontent.com/$USER/$REPO1/$BRANCH https://raw.githubusercontent.com/$USER/$REPO2/$BRANCH
```

> #### Basic authentification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Basic authentication
```

> Private repositories can be used as sources by passing the option `--auth` with an authentification string. For Github, this string is `token $TOKEN` where `$TOKEN` is a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private repositories can be used as sources by passing the option `--auth` with an authentication string. For Github, this string is `token $TOKEN` where `$TOKEN` is a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token):
```

```shell
$ bin/tapioca annotations --sources https://raw.githubusercontent.com/$USER/$PRIVATE_REPO/$BRANCH --auth "token $TOKEN"
```

#### Using a .netrc file

Tapioca supports reading credentials from a [netrc](https://www.gnu.org/software/inetutils/manual/html_node/The-_002enetrc-file.html) file (defaulting to `~/.netrc`).

Given these lines in your netrc:

```netrc
machine raw.githubusercontent.com
  login $USERNAME
  password $TOKEN
```

> Where `$USERNAME` is your Github username and `$TOKEN` is a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token). Then run Tapioca with the `--netrc` option (enabled by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `$USERNAME` is your Github username and `$TOKEN` is a [personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token), then, if you run Tapioca with the `--netrc` option (enabled by default), your annotation requests should be authenticated properly.
```

> The `--netrc-file` option can be specified to read another file than `~/.netrc`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--netrc-file` option can be specified to read from file other than `~/.netrc`:
```

Author: Also added a "a":

> to read from a file other than `~/.netrc`:

```shell

> $ bin/tapioca annotations --netrc --netrc-file /path/to/my/netrc/file

Reviewer: What do you think about `--netrc-file` implying `--netrc` implicitly, unless `--no-netrc` flag is passed explicitly?

```

> If the `--netrc-file` isn't specified, Tapioca will first try to find the `netrc` file from the environment by reading the `TAPIOCA_NETRC_FILE` variable then from `~/.netrc`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to `--netrc-file`, you can also specify an alternative `netrc` file by using the `TAPIOCA_NETRC_FILE` environment variable:
```

```shell
$ TAPIOCA_NETRC_FILE=/path/to/my/netrc/file bin/tapioca annotations
```

> 

Reviewer: Tapioca will first try to find the `netrc` file as specified by the `--netrc-file` option. If that option is not supplied, it will try the `TAPIOCA_NETRC_FILE` environment variable value. If that value is not supplied either, it will fallback to `~/.netrc`.
